I was there.
We were there.
At the dawn...
Of the Third Age.
Of a new age.
The birth
of the Interstellar Alliance.
A proud moment.
A powerful moment.
Delenn? Oh, damn it.
Delenn?
- Yes, John.
- Have you seen my blue socks?
There are plenty of socks
right over there.
They're not blue.
Yes, good point.
The blue socks are my lucky socks.
All socks are lucky socks,
because at the rate you lose them,
you're lucky to have any at all.
You don't understand.
These are the socks I wore
when I took over Babylon 5.
I thought it would be,
you know, symbolic wearing them
when I leave B5
to take over the Alliance.
No one will know.
I'll know.
I can't go out there without them.
Then what are your plans, Mr. President?
To go sockless?
No, of course not.
Now, please. We need to go.
They're waiting for us.
I'm just saying,
you shouldn't have challenged me.
I'm not having this conversation.
Delenn, he's not wearing any so-
Don't. Just don't.
This is an Interstellar
News Network special report.
Two years after winning the Shadow War,
Captain John Sheridan...
...President of
the Interstellar Alliance,
is leaving Babylon 5 for what
many expect to be the last time.
He is accompanied on this journey
by his wife,
former Minbari ambassador, Delenn,
another veteran of the Shadow War,
which began
when the exploratory vessel Icarus...
...awoke an advanced race
known as the Shadows
on their homeworld of Z'ha'dum.
When they reactivated
their war against the Vorlons...
...the conflict put Earth
in the crosshairs
and threatened to destroy
dozens of worlds and kill trillions.
When all else failed,
Sheridan was able to end the war.
Now get the hell out of our galaxy!
Upon arriving on Minbar,
Sheridan and Delenn
will take up residence
in the capital city of Tuzanor,
which will serve as permanent home
for the 12-world alliance.
The emotions of the moment
show in his eyes
as Sheridan bids farewell
to the station where he served,
now under the command
of Captain Elizabeth Lochley.
Godspeed, John.
In preparing for this report,
we repeatedly asked
President Sheridan for an interview,
only to be told that Sheridan is not big
on the press these days, and-
Hello? Hello?
Is this thing on?
John?
Over here.
Why are you standing in the shadows?
Got used to it, I guess.
Are you having second thoughts about,
well, about all this?
Me?
No, I passed second thoughts days ago.
I'm up to 14 now.
I'm just not sure if I'm cut out
to be a politician, Delenn.
I don't want to spend my time
doing ceremonial things,
opening shopping malls,
giving medals to people I don't like.
Pardoning a turkey.
Sorry?
Thanksgiving.
It's a big holiday back home.
People celebrate by eating turkeys.
But by tradition,
one turkey always gets pardoned.
It says much about your species
that you have based an entire holiday
on deciding not to kill something,
for a change.
Anyway, I just wanted to let you know
we'll be jumping out to Minbar soon.
- You should get ready.
- Copy that.
Delenn.
I'll admit I'm a little nervous.
But I know I'll get through it.
Not because I'm the smartest guy
or the best guy for the job,
but because I know you believe in me.
I don't need an Interstellar Alliance.
I don't need the stars
or any of the worlds
spinning around them.
I only need you, Delenn.
You're my universe.
The brightest star in my sky.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Now, get ready.
Oh, and I brought you a present.
Thank you for coming,
Mr. President.
I was told that
Satai Delenn would be joining us.
She's running behind,
but she'll be here
before we're finished.
Good. Good.
I trust you have settled in well
these last few weeks?
Yes. Unpacked, found my blue socks,
settled in, over the star lag,
and, generally,
garden-variety peachy keen.
Excellent. We appreciate you doing this.
I imagine that
being asked to give your blessings
to a new power system may seem trivial.
No, no, no, no. Not at all, Trudan.
I like opening shopping malls.
What's a shopping mall?
It doesn't matter.
What's important is that,
from what I've been told,
this will provide power
for the entire city of Tuzenor
at a fraction of the pollutants
put out by the previous generators.
I couldn't possibly be more excited.
Thank you. Yes, thank you very much.
This way, please.
Oh.
Thank you.
Yes, thank you very much.
This way, please.
Mr. President?
Are you coming?
Yeah, right...
Right behind you.
A friend of mine once said
that the future is all around us,
waiting in moments of transition
to be born in moments of revelation.
Surely, this is just such a moment
for Minbar and the Minbari people.
I believe
this is where we fire this baby up.
Fire up a baby?
Find the "On" switch.
Yes. Initiate Phase 1.
The experimental process
used by this new power system
will be adopted by all member worlds
of the Interstellar Alliance
and will be key
to the advancement of several...
Initiate Phase 1.
...key to the advancement of
several civilizations on the brink of...
Phase 2 activated.
Mr. President.
Are you all right?
No. Something's wrong.
We should get help.
Are you...
Trudan. What kind of energy
does this facility use?
It was in the release.
Nobody reads press releases!
What's the damned energy source?
Tachyons.
Oh, crap!
When we travel in time,
we pass through great waves
of tachyon impulses.
You can become unstuck in time
unless there is anchor.
These will keep you from drifting.
Also, protect you.
Time distortion can do terrible harm.
You have to turn off the system.
We can't. Once it starts,
it cannot be terminated
until it reaches full-
Then get me out
of here before I...
Before you what?
Lennier, get us out of here.
His stabilizer, it's hit!
- John!
- No!
What happened to him?
Time stabilizer damaged.
He's unstuck in time.
Zathras warned.
But no one listen to Zathras.
What do you mean, unstuck in time?
Where is he? In the past?
In the future?
Cannot say.
Say, I would know, do not know.
So cannot say.
It's happening again.
I'm becoming unstuck in time.
Is there anything I can do?
Do you have a time stabilizer?
A what?
Yeah, I didn't think so.
John?
This way. Hurry!
You better run.
- What?
- Run.
Run!
No!
No.
Delenn!
No. Stay back!
Delenn, no!
Run. Run!
The hardest part
of dealing with the Pak'ma'ra
who, as you know, are carrion eaters,
is the methane residue
they leave behind, which can be...
Be...
Don't panic. Don't...
Run! Run, run, run!
What?
Nice setup.
Sorry, I kind of fried
your classroom.
Happens.
You'd be surprised what goes down
when you're dealing with alien medicine.
So the university
is very patient with me.
I'm just glad to see you doing well.
Getting the test results.
Looks like your theory was right.
Yeah, well,
traveling in time,
bright lights, plus boom
equals unstuck in time.
How far did you say I jumped?
Eighteen years since you left B5.
Can I call me? Future me, I mean?
That would be weird.
Hi, me. It's me.
Might not be wise.
Timeline issues could cause trouble.
You said these flashbacks started
when you left Babylon 5.
Yes. Why?
It's possible
there could be a link.
Time stabilizers
came from the planet beneath B5.
Epsilon 3. I know.
So it's possible
that moving outside the range
of whatever tech Zathras used
to moderate the tachyon field
began to wear off
as you got farther away,
reducing your stability
in the time stream.
Then, when you got hit by the massive
tachyon flow at the power station,
- boom!
- Boom!
Maybe a big boom.
You see, the tests also show
that you're out of phase.
Out of phase? Wow!
That's bad.
You don't have any idea
what that means, do you?
Not a clue.
It means that the longer you stay
out of your own timeline,
the more you'll start sliding.
Not just into the past and future,
but even alternate realities.
Timelines in parallel worlds.
Like our reality in most ways,
but different in others.
So, how do I fix it?
Can I fix it?
You have to get back to Babylon 5,
then down to Epsilon 3, find Zathras.
Zathras?
I'd rather be annihilated.
John.
Every time I even think about him,
I get this pain behind my left eye.
I think agitation
might hasten the time jumps.
Now you tell me!
John! Listen to me!
Quantum physics says
the observer affects the observed.
You might be able to find your way back
by remembering
exactly what you were thinking of
when you disappeared from your timeline.
Did you hear me? John?
Did you hear me?
What was that?
- Garibaldi.
- You okay?
I'm fine. But you missed him.
Damn it.
Is he gonna be okay?
I don't know.
I don't know if any of us will be okay.
But the worst is...
I lied to him, Michael.
I told him
he jumped 18 years instead of 23.
Couldn't bear to tell him
that he died three years ago.
Any idea where or when he's going?
None at all.
John?
Dad?
Should have told me you were coming.
I could have made
something special for dinner.
I'm as surprised as you are.
I like the beard.
Thanks.
I wasn't sure about it at first,
but I think it grows on you.
Most beards do.
Where's Mom?
Oh, went off to the store.
Should be along anytime.
Weird question.
What's the date?
January 17th.
The year?
Don't ask, long story.
2258. Why?
The year I took over
as CO at Babylon 5.
A lifetime ago.
I thought it was just a few weeks.
Time's funny that way.
I forget sometimes
how much I love this place.
You remember
when you got lost in the cornfields?
Some things you don't forget.
Dad!
I got turned around.
The sun was straight overhead,
no way to tell east from west.
And I started to panic,
which only made the situation worse.
And I thought,
"Okay, if panic doesn't help,
maybe being calm will do something. "
I thought about you and Mom,
how much I loved you and this place.
It was like
I could feel which way to go.
And I did.
I followed that feeling
all the way home.
For a long while after that,
I'd go in once a week
to get lost on purpose.
Just to prove to myself
that I could always find my way home.
Why'd you stop?
Got tall enough to see past the corn.
Perspective changes everything, I guess.
There's your mom now.
I better help her land.
You know how she is on parallel parking.
Won't she be surprised to see you.
I love you, Dad.
You know that, right?
I love you both so much.
Well, then I suppose
we love you too, son.
What the hell?
Now where the hell am I?
I can barely breathe.
Icarus!
The Shadow War, which began
when the exploratory vessel, Icarus,
awoke an advanced race
known as the Shadows
on their home world of Z'ha'dum.
No.
No, no, no.
Stop!
What the...
Stop! Wait!
How did you...
There's no time for that.
You have to...
Here, breathe.
- Who are you? What're you doing here?
- Doesn't matter.
No time to waste.
We thought we were the first.
We are.
Looks like we've got a claim jumper.
The exploration team, where are they?
They went down into the city,
said they found a way
inside some big structure.
- Call them back.
- What?
Don't listen to him. It's-
Call them back!
Don't let them touch anything!
We're inside.
There's something here.
Get back to base. Right now.
Who is this?
It's too late.
We're already deep inside.
The walls...
The walls are moving.
There's something behind them.
We...
We're not alone.
They're coming toward us! They're-
Too late.
There has to be a light switch
around here somewhere.
Where was Moses
when the lights went out?
In the freaking dark.
Gotcha.
Babylon 5!
I made it.
Now all I have to do
is go down to Epsilon 3
or get Zathras up here.
Not sure which is more annoying.
Okay.
Not good.
Civilians and ambassadorial staff first.
Repeating, this is a general evacuation.
All station personnel and residents
report immediately
to shuttle bays one through nine.
Civilians and...
What's going on?
Where's Captain Lochley?
Lochley? I don't know
what you're talking about.
We have to get out of here.
They're coming through.
If Lochley's not in charge, then who is?
This is Commander Jeffrey Sinclair
of Babylon 5.
We're under attack,
and evacuating all hands.
We urgently request assistance
from any ships in this sector
to pick up survivors.
Long-range comm systems destroyed.
- Did the distress signal get out?
- I think so.
Keep resending on short range
as long as we can.
We need to get everyone off station.
Don't tell me, tell them.
Here they come.
Form up. Alpha squad, watch your six.
Weapons aren't getting through.
We need to get up close and personal.
Follow me in.
How much time do we have?
Not much. Shadow vessels
are taking us out three-to-one.
We've got breaching pods
all over the hull.
If they break through
to the shuttle bays
before we finish
getting everyone out of here...
Then we have to make sure
that doesn't happen.
Garibaldi, meet me at Bay 1.
Bring anyone
who's willing to stay behind.
Copy that.
- Jeff...
- Don't worry about me.
Do what you have to,
just get our people out of here.
That means you too, Susan.
Get to the shuttles.
I'll run things from here.
That's an order. Go!
Everything ends.
I'm not afraid.
Bring it.
This is Commander
Jeffrey Sinclair of Babylon 5.
We're under attack,
and evacuating all hands.
We urgently request assistance
from any ships in this sector
to pick up survivors.
This is Babylon 5.
We're under attack
and request assistance
from any ships in this sector.
Sir, we have an intruder.
Whoever you are,
you picked the wrong time to stow away.
I'm not a... I'm Earthforce.
Not the uniform.
- Retired-
- Enemy is in Blue Sector, 30 seconds.
You've got 20 seconds, Mr...
- Sheridan.
- Use them well.
I got hit by a tachyon field.
Came unstuck in time and space.
Fifteen seconds.
I ran B5 during the Shadow War.
But if you're in charge during all this,
then this must be
some kind of an alternate timeline.
Doesn't matter.
We have to get our people out,
or they'll end up
just as dead in this timeline
as they'd be in yours.
- And so will you.
- Yeah, I kind of figured.
You know how to handle one of these?
Of course I know how to.
Do you know what a last stand is?
Yes.
Good, because you just joined one.
Since you fought these things before,
is there any way
we can stop them at close quarters?
They're a million years ahead of us.
- Was that a "no"?
- That was a "no. "
Here they come.
Splash 2. Good going, Alpha 7.
Let's make another path.
No!
This is Babylon 5.
We are under attack.
We need ships to pick up survivors.
Please, if you can hear my voice,
we need help...
to save them.
They're coming through.
Repeat. They're coming through.
This is Earth Alliance station
Babylon 5.
They're all over the place.
They're killing us.
Can anyone hear me?
CNC. This is Bay 9.
The last shuttle is away.
We got them out, but...
No rescue ships in range.
No ships, jumpgate destroyed,
no one nearby
who can pick up the shuttles.
They'll be sitting ducks.
They die, we die,
you die!
Ivanova. Ivanova? Reply.
I think she just did.
Susan's right.
Once the Shadows take the station,
they'll turn around
and destroy the shuttles,
killing everyone
before help can show up.
We can slow them down, but that's all.
No, there's something else.
The power core.
Their ships are circling the station
right in the blast range.
We blow the core,
we can take out all of them
and buy time for help to arrive.
I know how to do it.
So do I.
Your people don't know who I am.
They won't fight for me,
but they'll fight for you.
I'll get it done.
We'll hold them off
as long as we can.
Nice guy. What was his name?
Don't remember.
Missed one, damn it.
Just hope the default admin codes
are the same
or I'm gonna look pretty stupid.
Admin codes accepted.
Override safety protocols.
Confirmation required.
Override all fusion reactor safeties?
Confirmed. Activate destruct sequence.
- Destruct sequence?
- Yes.
Are you feeling all right?
I'm fine.
This isn't just one of those
"I'm having a bad day" things?
No. Just do it.
Confirmed. Specify time-delay
countdown to destruct.
None.
To ensure intentional destruct,
final activation must be entered
in correct sequence.
You couldn't have put them
a little closer together?
We are all victims
of our programming.
I told you I
had him in my sights.
Squeezing his neurons
was quite unnecessary.
Yeah, well,
squeezing his brains made me feel
a lot better about what's coming.
- I know what you're doing.
- How?
I'm a telepath. I...
You know me.
Or a version of me.
Then you know
I have to reach that switch.
- We will stand with you.
- Also run with you.
That, too.
Go!
No. No, not now!
The survivors, they have to get clear.
Many of them are my people.
Do not fear. We will get it done.
- Shall we?
- May as well.
I missed the last shuttle out
and I am totally in the mood
to blow some stuff up.
G'Kar!
Can you?
Not like this.
I think this is
gonna take both of us.
It has been an honor
to fight beside you.
Just help me
pull the damn switch.
What are you...
doing here?
I made it.
I made it back to my own timeline.
Made what?
Aren't you supposed to be on Minbar?
I have a lot to explain
and not much time.
So I'm gonna talk really fast
and you're gonna fire up a shuttle.
Right now.
Can I get dressed first?
Oh. Oh, sorry,
I didn't even...
Right. Right.
I'll just wait in the other room then.
I'm all right.
This is Captain Elizabeth Lochley
to anyone receiving on Epsilon 3.
This is an emergency.
We are on approach vector.
President Sheridan is with me.
Kindly do not shoot us down
until we have had a chance
to explain the situation.
And don't shoot us down afterward.
Basically, just don't
shoot us down, okay?
You know, I've never met Zathras before.
I'm kind of excited by the idea.
Yeah? Well, that won't last.
There you are being.
Hello, Zathras.
No, not Zathras.
Zaah-thras.
There are nine of them,
all named Zathras.
Zaah-thras.
And you are the One.
- Hi. I'm-
- Not the One. This way. Hurry.
Can I hit him? Just once.
Told you.
Things change
since first Zathras met the One.
Now, he is lost in time.
- And lost in s-
- Do not say!
Even now, many issues with copyright.
So there are still nine of you left,
is that correct?
No, no, no.
Great Machine Replication System
has been very busy.
Behold.
The Zathrll.
Much greetings to the One
and some greetings to not the One.
Shoot me. Shoot me now.
You are in grave danger.
Delenn, no!
Run. Run!
No!
Not only is the One
unstuck in time,
and the thing we cannot mention.
You are moving between timelines.
Universes, realities.
Yeah, that part I figured out.
- How is that dangerous?
- Not just to you.
To everything.
Quantum physics says
observer affects the observed.
Particle is only particle
when you are looking at it.
Look away, it becomes a wave.
Look back, it turns back into particle.
So, like any relationship,
particles can't commit.
- She came with you, you know.
- I needed a ride.
Get to the point.
Great Machine shows
you are now quantum perspective.
You are now observer.
The more realities you see,
the more it become real to you.
The more they will collapse
into each other,
destroying each other
as they try to become one.
Soon, all worlds gone,
all timelines gone,
all realities gone,
all universes gone,
all Zathrll gone.
Bad for Zathras.
But all things bad for Zathras.
- You have heard of the Big Bang?
- Yes.
This will be Big Silence.
The end of all.
You know I just came here
for a time stabilizer, right?
Time stabilizer not enough.
Must stabilize you
in time, space, and reality.
Requires big upgrade from Great Machine.
Vast new technology.
How long will this take?
Ten minutes.
This is why we call it Great Machine.
Not So-So Machine.
Zathras make coffee
while Zathras wait for Zathras.
Why is it that most of the alternate
realities I've been in so far
have had something to do
with the Shadow War?
Quantum probabilities
bend to your quantum perspective.
Shadow War was great part of your life.
You are drawn to what you feel.
Drawn by your heart.
Like my dad, home,
Babylon 5, my friends.
Yes. Zathras has no friends.
Only slow-moving insects
and pocket lint.
Here. Zathras show you.
No, not so soon.
Try to stay calm.
Agitation makes jump faster.
That thing, I saw it before.
Following me.
Stay back!
No. Stay calm.
Try to hold on.
Do not panic!
No one listens to Zathras.
Okay. Definitely back on Earth.
But where is everyone?
Hello?
Anyone there?
Over here, Captain Sheridan.
Out of uniform, I see.
Good. Here, join us.
I thought you were dead.
Yeah, I get that a lot.
Just one Centauri's opinion,
but if this is you post death,
I must say it suits you.
Last we heard,
your shuttle was destroyed
while trying to make contact
with the Vorlons
in what I correctly said
would be a futile attempt
to talk them out of
what's going to happen in...
In what?
Two minutes, forty-seven seconds.
What's going to happen?
Where'd everybody go?
Depends on
where they want to be at the end.
Most of them are home, I expect,
with loved ones,
or at other places
that meant something to them in life.
Churches, shopping malls,
bowling alleys.
Bars, casinos.
We told many of them
in the last few hours
since we learned
we could not leave the planet
without being destroyed.
"Go to Earth," the Centaurum said.
"Make a deal.
Perhaps there's a way
you can save both our worlds. "
Idiots.
Now I'm trapped here.
But I suppose I had to try.
Will someone here start making sense?
He's in denial or shock.
I don't blame him.
Where is the bartender?
Losing the Shadow War
wasn't your fault, you know.
You did everything you could.
Even with the Vorlons,
the odds were always against us.
Wait. We lost the war?
The Shadows won?
Look, you can see
a thought forming behind his eyes.
Hello, little one.
Good of you to join us.
It's all alone in there, poor thing.
Because the Vorlons were our allies,
no one counted on them
being the ones to finish us off.
But it makes sense.
For centuries here at home,
losing armies burned crops
and poisoned wells as they retreated
to make sure
the winners couldn't use them.
The Shadow influence on Earth
is significant.
And the Vorlons are very sore losers.
Destroying worlds that are sympathetic
to the Shadows is a good move for them.
For Centauri Prime, for Earth.
For us? Not so much.
But it's an imperfect universe. Yes?
They're going to destroy Earth?
And they're not even
going to fire a shot.
Apparently, they think
you're not worth the bullet.
At the moment, I concur.
Right now, up there somewhere,
a Vorlon planet killer
is moving into position.
It takes a lot of raw power to
tear apart a planet as big as the Earth.
So they've decided to use something
that will take less energy
because it's only one-fourth the size.
The moon.
Oh, my God!
They're going to hit us with the moon.
Got it in one.
Well, on the positive side,
at least we have a good view
of the show, Sheridan?
I said...
Stay...
Stay back.
Stay back!
John!
Well, there's something
you don't see every day.
What is it you humans say?
Oh, yes.
Eight-ball in the corner pocket.
It's getting worse every time.
I'm not sure
how much longer I have before...
What the hell is this?
Where did the stars go?
You look like
someone in need of a friend,
friend.
G'Kar?
If that is who you see, then yes.
So, what is this place?
The edge of everything.
On that side, nothingness.
Silence.
The void.
On that side,
everything.
- The Rim.
- One of many names for it.
The last time I saw G'Kar,
my G'Kar,
he was heading for
the Rim to find out
what was on the other side.
He did.
Is he alive?
Dead?
He is,
as I am,
as we are.
And we wished to
meet you at the Rim.
On the precipice
of the end of all things.
If I'm that dangerous, why not kill me?
That would go against
the purpose of all of this.
Against the great experiment.
Consciousness.
Without that, there can be no purpose.
If a universe springs into existence,
and no one is there to see it,
to think about it,
to give it meaning,
does it really exist?
This cannot be what it must be
without someone to see it.
Quantum physics.
The observer affects the observed.
Without the observer,
there cannot be the observed.
That is the secret, the missing piece.
For now, you are that observer.
And if I die...
Everything dies. Yes.
The Minbari believe
the universe is conscious.
That it looks through us
so it can try and figure itself out.
To give itself meaning.
Yes.
An infinity of eyes and minds and hearts
turned toward one singular question.
One riddle to end all riddles.
One word.
Which is?
"Why?"
They also believe
that while the universe
usually speaks through us,
at other times, it takes a more...
direct approach.
Do they?
Do they, really?
Consciousness must make its own way,
find its own path, without interference.
Only in this way
can the child outshine the parent.
If I intervene,
the experiment is rendered meaningless,
as am I.
So, I will say only this:
In all realities,
all universes,
the everything of everything,
there is no greater force than love.
Tearing apart is easy.
Destruction and hate are easy,
which is why they do not endure.
What love knits together
can never be torn asunder.
The universe itself
and all things within it
bend to that power.
As you say,
the observer affects the observed.
And when that eye sees through love,
everything is possible.
That is all I came to say.
I hope it is enough.
But I have so many questions.
And that is the glory and wonder
of mortality.
I can't take much more of this.
Lennier?
Lennier.
I... Yes?
I need you to help me.
Of course.
Because I don't feel so good.
Water.
What year is it?
147,923 by the Obadi calendar.
No, not Minbari years.
I'm in no shape to do the conversion.
Same with Celsius and Fahrenheit.
And why do we still
have to use those, anyway?
Here. This will make you feel better.
Yeah? I wouldn't bet on it.
I should call security.
I just need a moment.
I'll be fine
once the room stops spinning.
But the station spins constantly
to produce gravity.
Wrong time to mention that.
I want it on the record,
I did not touch him.
And I knew he could not be you
because I had just said good-bye to you
at the transport tube.
Oh, my head.
Yo, he's awake.
You, better take a look.
Good morning.
This just gets better and better.
Alternate realities.
Of course there'd be an alternate me.
So, who are you supposed to be?
I'm you.
Me. A different version of you.
You're a different version of me, or...
It's a long story.
How much time do you have?
Go for it.
Nope. Don't believe a word of it.
But then, I don't have to.
She's here.
You briefed her?
A story this complex?
I "longed" her.
Fair enough.
- Lyta, this man...
- If it's even human.
...is either a madman, a spy,
an assassin here to take my place,
or he's telling the truth.
Take a peek inside his head
and tell me what's what and who's who.
I'll try.
Do you consent to the scan?
Yes.
This might feel a little funny.
Well?
He's telling the truth.
He even met
an alternate-reality version of me.
Apparently, I died bravely.
Okay, now listen. We need to-
And there's something else.
Something in his mind
about a Shadow War.
Yes.
What's that?
The Shadow War?
You never...
You never had the Shadow War?
How long have you
been in charge of B5?
Coming up on two years now. Why?
And nothing?
What nothing?
Interplanetary Expeditions
went to a world off the charts,
woke up an entire civilization.
IPX went out of business ten years ago.
Then...
Then they never went to Z'ha'...
Z'ha' what?
Boom.
Z'ha'boom?
You heard me.
- What kind of name is that?
- Not my department.
And right now it's not important.
If I jump one more time,
it might be the last time for everyone.
So, what do we do?
Contact Zathras.
- Who?
- Zathras.
He works for the Great Machine
on Epsilon 3.
Look, whoever you are,
if there was anybody named Zathras
living on Epsilon 3,
or a Great Machine,
we'd know about it by now.
Sheridan. Go.
Captain, we have a ship
requesting permission to dock.
It's...
I know this is gonna sound crazy,
but it's from Epsilon 3.
He said his name is Zathras.
Works for the Great Machine.
Yeah. No one listen to Sheridan.
We'll meet him at Bay 9 in ten.
Better make it five.
Hurry. Not much time.
Sheridan to Ivanova.
Stop all incoming traffic.
We've got a situation.
Copy that.
How did you follow me?
Zathras did not follow.
I am different Zathras.
All Zathrll united
across time and space.
We use quantum communications system.
Keep in touch, like, on birthdays.
In one reality,
we are considered very handsome.
The stars there are not very bright.
Here. Take stabilizer quickly.
Press red button.
It's not doing anything.
You are final component.
Quantum observer
must sense your way back.
Focus on what you were thinking
when first shift happened.
Stephen said the same thing.
But I don't remember.
Zathras thinks you do.
And so does she.
I was thinking about Delenn.
I thought about you and Mom.
How much I loved you and this place.
And it was like
I could feel which way to go.
I followed that feeling
all the way home.
I was thinking about
how much I loved my wife.
How all I wanted
was to hold her again one more time.
Not knowing where you were
or where you were going on quantum scale
made it impossible to find way home.
You are so far off course
that you cannot
find your way back alone.
But you are not alone.
When she came to us,
we told her, "Great danger,"
but she insisted.
So we made two.
She has been chasing you
across time and space ever since,
never giving up, never surrendering.
He said love is
the most powerful force in the universe.
Love is all.
Come home to me, John.
I'm here, John.
I'm here. I love you.
I love you so much.
I love you!
And...
I'm coming...
home.
Let's go.
Still the One.
I should go.
No.
We need to talk.
You should have seen it, Ambassador.
The raw power of creation itself.
Right there in front of us.
For a minute,
I thought we were done for.
But then he said,
"Love is the most powerful force
in the universe. "
And the next thing you know,
they're gone.
He's not wrong.
Love is a powerful thing.
To follow him through time and space,
putting her own life at risk.
Sounds like someone
I'd like to meet some day.
Well, perhaps you shall.
Only one thing puzzling me.
He talked about this whole shadow thing.
Z'ha'boom.
That mean anything to you?
No. I'm sure it's nothing.
- Maybe so.
- Captain Sheridan.
How long
until the bays are cleared for launch?
I have to get going.
Hey, so do I. And my reasons
are twice as important as his.
Repairs are almost finished.
Anytime now.
Why are you always so hostile?
I'm not hostile.
Just relentlessly self-aware.
- Nine of clubs?
- No.
- Queen of diamonds?
- Ace of...
- No!
Perhaps you're not projecting
hard enough.
I am projecting at full P5.
That's not the problem.
Problem is,
telepathy requires two minds.
Sorry?
Nothing, nothing. Keep going.
Ten of spades.
Someone please kill me.
Don't you have
somewhere else to be?
No.
My people will not rest
until the Centauri apologize
for the attack on our shipping lines
and pay reparations.
Madness!
Dr. Franklin. Good.
I have a rather ugly growth
that needs to be removed.
It's standing beside me.
Talk to the wrist,
the hand's not listening.
- Mr. Garibaldi?
- Another time, Londo.
Whatever that is,
it belongs on a leash.
You think
the whole world belongs on a leash.
That's fair.
So we're agreed.
You're gonna bring us down there
and show us the Great Machine.
And meet other Zathras.
Right. Other Zathras.
No, not Zathras. Zathras.
This is Commander
Susan Ivanova of Babylon 5.
We apologize
for the delay in transmission.
But sometimes
life gets in the way of things.
Bays are cleared for launch and docking.
Babylon 5 is back online,
and we are here to stay.
Let's go.